Today's episode is sponsored by
Datadog a modern full stack
monitoring platform for cloud infrastructure,
applications, and logs metrics, all
in one place from their
recent report on serverless, adoption
and trends. Datadog found half
their customer base using ECE
twos have now adopted AWS
Lambda. They've examined real world
serverless usage by thousands of
companies running on millions of
distinct serverless functions. And they
found that half of the
Lambda invocations run for less
than 800 milliseconds, you can
easily monitor all your serverless
functions in one place and
generate serverless metrics straight from
Datadog. Check it out yourself
by signing up for a
free 14 day trial and
get a free t-shirt visit
datadog.com/hanselman it's show to get
started. That's datadog.com/hansel minutes show
to get started. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
today. I'm talking with dr.
Jennifer coolant from the growth
coaching Institute. She's an industrial
organizational psychologist and she helps
individuals and organizations in the
tech community. Hi, how are
you? Good. Thanks so much
for having me today, Scott,
I am glad to be
chatting with you. I have
been looking all over this
website called O S M
I help Oz me help
open sourcing mental illness, help.org.
And your name has come
up in this website has
come up as I've been
trying to explore how people
talk about mental health in
the tech community. That's a
good place to start. There's
a, you know, it's, it's
a new area. That's gaining
a lot of attention and
open sourcing. Mental illness has
sort of paved the way
for, for research around this
area and supports for professionals
in the tech industry. So
I'm not surprised you found
your way to that website
Feels like as I'm, I'm
pretty active on social media
that I hear a lot
of discussion around particularly anxiety,
but also a bipolar disorder.
I hear about depression. I'm
wondering, is it simply confirmation
bias that I'm hearing about
this more because there's Facebook
and there's Twitter, or is
there something about software and
tech and open source that
brings a certain kind of
mind to this place and
then the tech exacerbates an
already underlying situation? Yeah, it's
a really good question that
that comes up a lot
and it's hard to give
a definitive answer, but you're
thinking along the right lines,
the awareness around mental health
issues in the tech industry
is gaining a lot of
attention. So you are starting
to see more people speak
out about their own experiences,
which is why, you know,
it looks like it's kind
of more prevalent or gaining
sort of traction in the
industry. But the question of
why are people that are
working in tech, struggling with
different mental health issues? Is
it because certain minds are
attracted to that field or
is it the field is,
you know, working in that
field as resulting in some
mental health challenges? Again, it's
a hard question to answer.
I can give you as
a professional, my personal opinion.
I don't think that working
in tech leads to mental
health problems that directly, I
do think that the field
attracts a certain kind of
brain that is a very,
you know, high expectations, really
successful, really motivated, highly intelligent,
really good problem solvers. People
who go into coding and
computer science. And it seems
to me from looking at
the research and from working
with so many professionals in
tech, that that might be
a tendency that that population
tends to be more prone
to some mental health challenges.
And when I say pro
and I mean more predisposed,
or baby has a genetic
underlying factor to it that
is consistent with some other
areas that land people in
sort of this field that
they're in right now. Interesting.
So if I may paraphrase
the things that make us
good at our jobs may
also make some aspects of
the job in our personality,
somewhat challenging. Absolutely. It's, it's
kind of, if you want
to compare it to in
the developer community, it tends
to be very an introverted
community. The minds that are
attracted to the computer science
work, the developer work tend
to be more on the
introverted side. So it's not
that working in tech is
creating people who are introverted.
Although there are some challenges
of isolation and working siloed
or remotely that can play
into that. But I think
it's more sort of the
way that that brain is
developed. Those tendencies tend to
be consistent across the population,
at least to a degree
where, you know, it stands
out is, is a common
theme. Okay. And then might
it be also our attempts
to be more welcoming and
more open and conscious and
kind online that also allow
people to express what might
have been hidden before. So
then we get a little
bit of confirmation bias as
it feels like everyone's anxious
and everyone's uptight and everyone's
stressed out as we kind
of vent online. It seems
like, you know, 20 years
ago, I didn't even think
about this, but now everyone
is thinking, Right. And not
only do we, you know,
do people have the platform
to discuss this and vent
or seek support, but the
issue around stigma is much
different today than it was
20 years ago. So people
were much more reluctant to
speak out and say, I
have depressive symptoms, or I'm
feeling anxious because of the
social stigma around it. And
as that has been improving,
you're seeing people, you know,
reaching out more and talking
more candidly about it, which
is, which is really great
because that's how people seek
support and, you know, reach
out when otherwise the stigma
might hinder them from doing
so. Is there anything bad
or anything negative about people
for lack of a better
word? Self-diagnosing, I've heard people
say I have an anxiety
disorder and I was diagnosed
by a licensed therapist or
a clinical psychologist. And then
other people just self-diagnosis is
there danger in self-diagnosis in
this country? I think there
can always be danger. And
self-diagnosis because of course the
error, the error is, is
higher when you don't have
a professional diagnosing someone. And
of course you have your,
your own bias when you're
trying to diagnose yourself. I
do. I do think that
if someone recognizes that they
struggle with anxiety and they
identify with having an anxiety
disorder or anxiety challenges that
that's okay, whatever gets them
to the point of reaching
out and trying to get
help and validation for that
is beneficial. But of course,
like I said, there's that,
there's that concern of misdiagnosis
where it really is helpful
to have a professional, make
sure you're on the right
track to getting supports and
treatment for the correct, you
know, condition or challenges that
are, are taking place. Yeah.
Since the only person who's
had I'm inside is my
own. I can only use
my own experiences as my
bit of context. I can
see how other people behave
and how other people say
that they feel. But I
can only tell how I
feel. So I'll ask a
couple of questions and if
you'll indulge me and forgive
my ignorance, if I get
something wrong, what does anxiety
feel like? That is unhealthy
anxiety versus healthy anxiety? Yeah,
it's a really good question.
And I can answer this
sort of across the spectrum
of different emotional challenges, not
just anxiety. So the big
difference between struggling with anxiety
and having a diagnosis, a
clinical diagnosis of an anxiety
disorder is not just that
you have the symptoms, you
must meet criteria specific symptoms
for that diagnosis. But the
second piece that people tend
to forget is that that
symptomatology has to negatively impact
your ability to function. So
you might feel anxious. It
might not feel good. You
might have some social anxiety,
it might impact your work
or your relationships. A lot
of people have that. That
is a pretty common experience
as a human, especially these
days, and especially working in
tech, but it's not really
considered a diagnosis or a
condition necessarily that requires treatment,
unless it is having a
negative impact on your ability
to function. So, you know,
you can't get through the
Workday. You're not able to
collaborate with other people, whatever
that looks like. So that's
the really crucial second piece
of a, and the difference
between feeling anxious and having
an anxiety disorder or feeling
depressed, or having, you know,
clinical depression, which might warrant
more treatment than say the
average person who experiences anxiety,
anxiety in their lives. So
I've, I went in and
this is probably dumb. So
again, forgive me, but I
went and did a quiz
online and it asked me
questions about anxiety in the
context of, do you get
hot flashes? Do you get
heart palpitations? Do you feel
unable to move parental kind
of emotional paralysis? Is that
what anxiety feels like? That's
a really, really tricky question.
You're throwing out there. Anxiety
is actually a spectrum of
disorders. So there are a
number of different types of
anxiety disorders, like social anxiety
disorder or panic disorder, or
post traumatic stress disorder. And
these do look different. So
it's hard to answer, you
know, this is what quote
unquote anxiety looks like. However,
people do tend to describe
it as having a physiological
impact. So that sounds like
some of the things that
you were asked about is
what is the experience in
your body physiological? And then
of course the cognitive piece
of it, too, which people
describe as sort of a
racing mind and ability to
sleep, because you're constantly, you
know, going, going, going mentally.
Some anxiety disorders have other
behavioral implications too. So it
does vary a lot. I
think a lot of people
can relate to struggling with
anxiety again, because of the
society culture industry that we
work in and a more
mild level of anxiety is,
is like I said, something
a lot of people can
connect to. And I wonder
if they took, was looking
more at this sort of
traditional idea of, do you
feel anxious, or if it
was trying to get to
the root of an ex
a true diagnosable anxiety disorder.
And it sounds like from
what you said before, the
essence of these things is
whether or not it changes
how you can function. Like
if you find that something
that used to work no
longer works, or that you're
unable to get out of
bed or go to work
and not feel, you know,
like we all feel uncomfortable
or awkward or anxious, but
where is that? That threshold,
that moment where it's like,
you know, this is a
bigger deal than I thought
it was, and I need
to go in and you
know, like, how do we
tell when it's time to
seek help, I guess, is
what I'm trying to say.
Everyone gets the blues, but
not everyone gets depressed. Everyone
gets butterflies when they give
a talk or any kind
of public speaking, but not
everyone is, has para paralyzable
or para paralysis based anxiety
and is unable to actually
give the talk. Sure. So
you kind of hit it
on the nose. If something
has changed all of a
sudden it becomes more difficult
to be productive at work
or to maintain your relationships,
especially if there's not something
very obviously explaining that, that
change, then that can be
an indication that, you know,
it's having an impact to
a degree where it's detrimental
and probably needs some attention.
But the other thing to
consider where I see people
coming to the realization that
it is maybe a bigger
thing that needs a more
intensive treatment or approaches is
if you can't access the
supports you need. So if
you're feeling depressed, whether it's
just the change in seasons,
or, you know, there was
a breakup or you lost
your job, if you're feeling
depressed and you reach out
for support. So, you know,
you try to increase your
social supports or take care
of yourself, exercise, diet, or
even maybe reach out to
a therapist. If you, if
you do those things, it,
you tend to see an
improvement. I mean, these are
the areas that we've shown
through research can, can improve
in areas such as depression
or anxiety, but if you
can't access those supports, if
you can't get yourself to
a therapist or you can't
get yourself to, to work
out, then that's another indication
that you probably need a
higher level of support. You
probably need to involve someone
else. I get asked this
a lot around Medicaid medication
and, and taking drugs for
mental health challenges, which as
a psychologist, I do not
push the drugs at all.
I actually start with all
of the other, other ways
of supporting people before going
to psychiatric care. But if
you, if you can't access
those other supports, like, you
know, getting to a therapist
or, or working on these
other areas, then that's, that's
a time where it might
be beneficial to speak to
a doctor about, you know,
maybe even short term supports
to be able to access
the, the sort of treatment
that you need to work
through, what you're dealing with.
I see a lot. And
I've talked about this a
little bit myself about feeling
like a phony or feeling
like I've a bit of
an imposter. And some days
I feel like, Oh my
goodness. You know, I've been
in this business for 30
years and I'm surprised I'm
still here. And that people
will talk to me. And
then other days I feel
like, well, you know, I
do, okay. You know, like
I'll do a thing and
I'll be like, Hey, look,
I did that thing. I'm
over here at the OSM.
I help.org forums. And I
see a very common thread
here. There's a particular thread
that says I'm a senior
software engineer, but I don't
feel like it. Why is
it that we find ourselves
in tech, you know, like
that we feel this sense
of in over our heads.
I mean, my brother's a
firefighter and he doesn't feel
in over his heads and
I've never heard a firefighter
feeling like they can't do
that. But I consistently feel
in technical environments that people
feel like, wow, I have
this title. And I don't
feel like I'm the same
as my title. Yeah. I
mean, one, there, there are
a number of ways to
speak to this. I think
one is, is we have
senior engineers who are 24
years old. So part of
it is just connect, you
know, coming right of college,
working for two years, all,
all of a sudden being
considered a senior because, you
know, if your technical skills,
but still lacking some other
skills that allow you to
feel confident in that area.
We also work in an
industry that highlights sort of
the 10 X engineer and
the, you know, the unicorns
and the founders that are
super successful and the professionals
who move up the ranks.
And we don't tend to
hear from most of the
community, which are the, you
know, people sitting in the
back doing great work. And
so everyone's sort of comparing
themselves to this idea of
success that they've either grown
up with, which is, you
know, very high expectations of
themselves. And the industry allows
for as well where we
just really, really push people
to Excel and be their
best and be the most
innovative and productive and successful,
which are all great things.
And, and really does push
people to Excel in a
lot of ways. Unfortunately it
leads to some of the
problems that we're here talking
about today too, because that's
a lot of pressure that
people are not prepared for
and not sure what to
do once all of a
sudden they're a senior engineer
at a company and they
don't feel like they can
ask for help because they're
supposed to be the expert,
or they feel like they're
lacking in some area, but
they can't really show that
to someone or, or the
company or their colleagues will
realize that they're a fraud
and that they're not supposed
to be at that, you
know, position. So it's this
kind of constant battle of
these very high expectations. And
even when you've, you're meeting
them, being pushed even further,
it's sort of an impossible,
an impossible reach. I think,
you know, what we ask
of professionals in tech and
part of the reason tech
is innovative and moves so
quickly forward, but sort of
at the expense of constantly
being disappointed in yourself or
your work or your failures,
which I believe is a
coach in the industry, or
is part of the process.
It's part of the innovative
process to be failing constantly.
Yeah. Being able to fail,
but also feel like one
can fail safely. I always
say fail fast, fail often,
but being allowed to fail
has a component of privilege
to it. And the ability
to do that without someone
flipping the bozo bit on
you and saying, Oh, look
at Jennifer failed. Now she
doesn't know what she's doing.
And you only get to
fail once. And maybe I
get to fail three times
before they flipped a bit
on me, that paranoia that
I have to be perfect
or otherwise people will they'll
find out that I really
am not supposed to be
here is a big challenge.
Yeah. That kind of speaks
to your question earlier. You
know, I think, I think
that the, you know, genetic,
genetic makeup, however you want
to describe sort of the
brains that are attracted to
this kind of work, they,
you know, for example, they
might tend to be a
little more on the paranoid
side, but then they work
in an industry where it
just plays into that and
sort of, you know, really
just pushes that forward even
more. So, you know, being
born with having kind of
a high expectations of yourself,
how you're raised maybe leading
to high expectations. And then
you get into a career
where you have extremely high
expectations sometimes so high that
it's not possible to meet
them. I see this a
lot, but then when you
fail to meet them, really
personalizing it as your own
failure and not a sort
of function of the difficult
scenario that you're in or
the difficult work that where
there is failure is to
be expected. No one wants
to manage databases if they
can avoid it. That's why
Mongo DB made Mongo DB
Atlas, a global cloud database
service that runs on AWS,
GCP and Azure. You can
deploy a fully managed Mongo
DB database in minutes with
just a few clicks or
a few API calls, Mongo
DB, Atlas, automates deployment, automated
updates, handles scaling, and more
so that you can focus
on your application instead of
taking care of your database,
you can get started free@mongodb.com
slash Atlas. Now, if you're
already managing a Mongo DB
deployment, Atlas has a live
migration service. So you can
migrate it easily with minimal
downtime and then get back
to what matters, stop managing
your database and start using
Mongo DB, Atlas, that idea
that you just said about,
of, of personalizing it, of
internalizing something. And then also
of course, having the community
go around and make it
about you as well. It
can be really, really challenging
cause you're reflecting your feelings
back on yourself, into this
feedback loop of how you
suck. And then you look
around and we have these
titles, right? Like if Beyonce
had the title senior software
engineer, I would probably feel
pretty lousy about my title
because you know, I'm not
Beyonce, which gets to that
point that you made before
about the 10 X engineer.
That's every time you see
the unicorn of the 10
X engineer, which, you know,
may or may not exist,
all of that is just
a system, a failure system.
That's been set up by
ourselves and by our industry
that does nothing, but make
one feel bad about themselves.
Right? Right. And the, the
concern that I have is
we're working in this industry
that has these challenges, but
we're not talking about them.
So everyone's sort of suffering
in silence, everyone, you know,
not everyone, but a lot
of people are feeling like
imposters are feeling like the
failure of their project or
their company or of their
team is their fault. And
no one's talking about it
to realize that other people
are feeling the same way.
And to realize that it
really is a pervasive scenario
across so many professionals in
this. And I think that
if people realized that, that
it wouldn't be as turn,
Ally's internalized quite as much,
and people would be talking
a little bit more about
it to, you know, get
support from each other and
just have that more open
discussion. So when someone identifies
that they might have a
problem, they might feel a
certain kind of way, but
they may not necessarily have
fantastic health insurance or a
community or a, what's the
word, a safety net, where
are places that they can
go and find resources to
explore and get support. The
open sourcing mental illness website
is a great place to
go for a sort of
a wealth of different supports.
There are three handbooks. One
is specifically for employees who
are struggling with mental health
problems while being a professional
in the workplace. I will
say that a lot of
it is very legal. So
if you can ignore that
and jump right to sort
of the supports the different
hotlines, the different resources, there
are a lot because the,
the discussion around mental health
is growing so much attention
in society in general, there
are also great resources online.
If this is more of
a mild anxiety, you know,
temporarily feeling depressed, there are
great resources. My recommendation is
a professional is that we
stop isolating ourselves even further
by trying to solve the
problem by ourselves on our
computer, but that we actually
reach out and start talking
to people. There is a
lot of research around how
talking is a cathartic process.
It, you know, the, the
field of therapy psychotherapy in
general is, is, is largely
based on this. It does
have an impact on the
brain that doesn't make the
depression or anxiety go away,
but it moves the neural
activity a little bit in
the brain that allows it
to be, have less of
a sting. So it can
be a little bit easier
to move forward and problem
solve and come up with
solutions and, you know, make
the effort that you need
to, to, to improve things,
just following a conversation, you
know, telling someone how you
feel. It feels like speaking
about these things is really
step one, like a sense
of isolation will only make
it worse. Are you a
fan of one-on-one therapy or
do you feel that like
even user groups and, you
know, personal self, you know,
getting together with friends and
talking about these things in
a, in a circle, it
can be therapeutic. I think,
yes. I think it's all
therapeutic. It obviously depends a
lot on what your needs
are and how intense the
challenges are you're dealing with,
which determines, you know, what
level of support you might
need. But I don't, I
don't necessarily feel like you
have to talk to someone
one-on-one, I think there's a
huge value in group discussions
and bringing even more people
into that discussion and how
you're feeling and expressing that
to other. So if a
group setting is not terrifying
in itself, which is for
a lot of people, that's
a great, you know, that's
a great place to get
some of that catharsis. If,
if that is very intimidating
for you, you can talk
to someone one-on-one, if you
don't want that person to
be a partner, a family
member, a friend, there are
plenty of professionals out there,
therapists, coaches that that can
provide sort of that safe
space to talk through what's
going on as well. So
there really are, there really
are a lot of options
and you can start wherever
you want. Like maybe you
start in a group setting
and that doesn't work for
you. Then you can, you
know, tap another friend and
try to talk to them.
One-on-one if that doesn't work
for you, you can maybe
reach out to a coach
or a therapist there. You
know, it's kind of an
experiment. There's no one right
answer to this. So it's
part of it is trying
different things. And like I
said earlier, if you can't
get yourself to try different
things, that's a big indicator
that you might need more
support than what you're reaching
out for. That is a
really good point. Any action
at all, that is positive
forward motion, whether it be
calling a friend or just
reaching out and letting yourself
be heard is better than
doing nothing and curling up
in a ball. But if
you can only curl up
in a ball, that's when
you really need to take
action. Exactly, exactly. I would
say, you know, if you,
if you have trouble getting
out of bed, if you
are having trouble being effective
at work or maintaining your
relationships and can't access, you
know, can't experiment with some
different things to see if
you can get out of
that rut, that it would
be beneficial to reach out
to a professional and just
get some insight for how
to approach those challenges. Now,
you recently spoke at a
cube con in cloud native
con in North America here
in 2019. And you pointed
out in your talk that
the number of people that
are working in the tech
community that have these challenges,
these challenges with mental illnesses,
quite disproportionate to the prevalence
of the general population. And
you specifically point out that
people working in the tech
community are particularly at risk
for burnout is burnout or
mental illness. It's not. So
just to be clear, mental,
mental illness, this is a
big misunderstanding. Mental illness is
not actually a term or
something that's research or something
that's diagnosed. It is a
metaphor that our society uses
to describe a diagnosable mental
health disorder, which is what
I mentioned earlier, where you
meet certain symptom criteria, and
then it also has a
negative impact on your life.
And you have to be,
you know, those symptoms have
to be a couple standard
deviations away from the mean,
which is where most people
fall. Most people's behaviors fall
so burnout. And the reason
it comes up in my
talks when, when discussing mental
health is because burnout looks
a lot like a mental
health challenge. So if you
look at what's going in
the brain, some of the
neurotransmitters that are under overactive
tend to be the same,
which is why when someone
is burned out, they tend
to demonstrate symptoms of depression
and anxiety and just emotional
dysregulation and, you know, sleep
problems. Just these things that
tend to be categorized as
under the, you know, the
mental, mental health disorders or
mental illness. So it does
look, it can look very,
very similar, which is why,
you know, and it all
falls under the scope of,
of mental health. So that's
why it comes up a
lot in conversations that I
have with people around mental
health and technology. So I
understand that that certainly the
word normal is very relative
and it can somehow it
can sometimes be a word
that may not necessarily be
appropriate or feel appropriate, but,
you know, the scientific version
of normal is kind of
within a standard deviation or
so of the mean, I
suppose, but if, if, is
it normal to burn out
or is that just part
of the ebb and flow
of working in tech? I
think it is very normalized
in tech almost to a
default that we're not paying
attention to the impact that
it's having on our ability
to function and be successful
at work just by the
nature of the industry and
what we chatted about earlier,
the innovation forward movement, the
new technology, the high expectations,
the fast pace, the long
hours, the challenges of, you
know, startups and, and just,
it all leads to really
exhausting our abilities as professionals.
And because we kind of
ignore the, the indicators leading
up to burnout, because that's
what we do in tech
is we just keep going
and going and going. It's
not surprising to me that
so many people are burned
out, especially this time of
year. I would say most
people I'm working with right
now are, you know, in
that range of burnout for
sure. And the concerning piece
of this I think is
aside from it, doesn't feel
great and you feel depressed
and anxious or whatever, whatever
burnout looks like for you,
aside from that burnout has
a huge impact on your
ability to work and be
effective and concentrate and be
productive. So it's almost to
our detriment to ignore burnout
or to put in place
a culture and practice that
actually encourage it because it's,
you know, damaging the work
overall and the productivity and
ultimately the success of the
work and the company that
we're working with. If we're
working with a company In,
in your talks while there's
certainly no silver bullet or
a single thing that one
can do a repetitive theme
that I've heard you say
is sleep, unplug and talk.
Why are those the three
kind of like pillars of
one getting started to think
about their own mental health?
I like these Three areas.
I like encouraging people around
these three areas because it
has an impact wherever you
fall on the mental health
spectrum. So if you have
been diagnosed with a mental
health disorder, though, these three
things can help. If you,
you know, are temporarily experiencing
mild or symptoms of mental
health issues, it can help
if you're experiencing burnout, it
can help. The, the truth
is that these three areas
have an impact on the
brain in an, in a
way that will help reduce
some of these very common
symptoms that we categorize. You
know, it doesn't matter how
we characterized it as a,
you know, as a disorder,
an illness, burnout, norm quote,
unquote, normal functioning for tech.
However you want to describe
it. It's going to have,
you know, it should have
a positive impact. We know
just from the research around
it, sleep is hugely important.
It's hugely important for someone
with a diagnosed mental health
condition, hugely important for someone
experiencing burnout, hugely important for
the person who's feeling depressed
or anxious. And they don't
know if it's a result
of burnout, or if it's
a mental health disorder, that's
a great place to start
is make sure you're getting
enough sleep because sleep deprivation
mimics a mental health condition,
a mental health disorder or
illness as people say. So
I have a lot of
people ask me, you know,
how do I know if
I have a mental illness
or a, you know, or
I'm burned out, or, and
I always say, check on
your sleep first, make sure
that your brain is getting
the rest that it needs.
So you can rule that
out. So that's where sleep
come from, comes from the
unplugging. Again, same thing. It
can sort of help differentiate
between burnout or a true
mental health condition, or just
more mild symptoms that need
sort of a break from
the intensity of the work
that we're doing. And then
the, the talking, we already
kind of touched on the
cathartic process of talking to
other people and talking about
how we feel Fantastic. Well,
folks can check out all
these different resources and videos
and research that we talked
about it. Oh, S M
I help.org. And you can
connect with jennifer@thegrowthcoachinginstituteatgrowthcoachinginstitute.org, where they
do executive coaching and all
the kinds of things that
a professional needs, whether it
be one to one coaching
or organizational coaching. And it's
set up an organization for
success around mental health. Thank
you so much for chatting
with me today. Thanks so
much for having me Scott,
and thanks for your attention
to this area. It really
is something that, that needs
more promotion and attention because
it impacts so many people
in this industry. So many
people can identify with some
of these challenges. And so
it needs to be a
more regular conversation. I appreciate
the attention. I appreciate you
and your work. And this
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again. Next time. .